 Nalajala Vennela 
Phone: (+91) 9553981290 
Email address: nalajalavennela222@gmail.com 
Address: vijayawada, India 
Professional summary 
Enthusiastic and highly motivated Pursuing Under-Graduate with a strong foundation in Java, 
Python, and web development, seeking an entry-level software engineer position to apply my 
coding skills and contribute to innovative software solutions. 
Internship 
Intern, Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO),Hyderabad, On CISCO.                    
Sep [2024] - Dec [2024] 
• To design, develop, and implement advanced networking and device configuration 
protocols for Cisco-based networks. The project aims to improve the efficiency, 
scalability, and reliability of Cisco-based networks. 
Education 
Bachelor of Technology, [TKR college of Engineering and Tech.], [Hyderabad], [India] 
Electronics and communication Engineering-CGPA:8.2                                    2021 -Present 
Intermediate, [Narayana Jr college], [Vijayawada], [India] 
Board of Intermediate Education, Andhra Pradesh-93.6%                               2019-2021 
Sri Vidya High School,[Nandigama], [India] 
Secondary School Certification (SSC), Andhra Pradesh-CGPA:9.5                    2018-2019                         
Languages 
■ Telugu                                 ■ Hindi                             ■ English  
Technical Skills 
■ Python                          ■ Html&CSS         ■ Java Script                           ■ SQL 
■ C Language                  ■ Java                    ■ Web Development            ■ CISCO  
■ Reporting Tools : Excel, Word, Power point 
■ Operating System : Microsoft Windows, Linux 
■ IDE : VS CODE ,PY CHARM, PYTHON IDE 
Certification 
• Course completion Certificate on "PYTHON" from May 2024 to July 2024 at Naresh   
I-Technologies. 
• Course completion Certificate on " HTML, CSS, Java script" from June 2024 to August 
2024 at Naresh i Technologies. 
• Course completion Certificate on " Web Development" from April 2024 to May 2024 at 
Elewayte. 
Projects 
• AUTONOMOUS THEFT PROOF FOOD DELIVERY ROBOT FOR E'COMMERCE: 
This project focuses on designing and developing an autonomous theft-proof food 
delivery robot using the ESP32 microcontroller. It consists of Wi-Fi for real-time tracking 
to ensure safe delivery. 
 
• NETWORKING AND DEVICE CONFIGURATION: 
To design, develop, and implement advanced networking and device configuration 
protocols for Cisco-based networks. The project aims to improve the efficiency, 
scalability, and reliability of Cisco-based networks. 
Hackathon 
•  Participated in 'Cognizant Hackathon' on Financial Technology 
Extra-Curricular Activities 
• National Service Scheme (NSS) volunteer in college. 
• Certification in Mock Parliament from Rashtrapati Nilayam.  
• Certification in District level Mock parliament from JNTU Hyderabad. 
Declaration 
I hereby declare that the above-mentioned particulars are true to the best of my knowledge    
and belief. 
 
 
 
 
 
